USER LICENCE AGREEMENT
This is a legal agreement between The Department of Environment and Conservation, representing the State of Western Australia ("The Licensor") and you the ("The Licensee").
By downloading the data you accept the following licence conditions.

1.0 DEFINITIONS 
1.1 In these Conditions, unless the contrary intention appears: 
"DEC" means the State of Western Australia represented by the Department of Environment and Conservation. 
"Data" means the data downloaded. 
"Licence" means the licence referred in Condition 3. 
"Product" means derived product resulting from use of or incorporation of the Data in full or in part. 

2.0 DURATION
2.1 The agreement commences when the Data is downloaded, and continues in force for a period of 12 months.

3.0 LICENCE
3.1 The data or products are held in copyright by the DEC and are provided on a non exclusive and non transferable basis.
3.2 The information is supplied for the purpose, as defined in your “Data/Product is to be used solely for” entry. The information or part there of, cannot be provided for third party use without prior notification and written consent of the Licensor
3.3 If products derived from the information provided through this agreement are to be released for external purposes, the Licensor shall be given adequate opportunity (prior to their release) to evaluate the results to ensure the interpretation is consistent with the information as described
3.4 All products produced by the Licensee under this agreement shall acknowledge the DEC as the owner of the copyright over the supplied information. 
3.5 The DEC shall not be liable to the Licensee or any third person for any loss or damage, injury or liability arising from any incorrect, inaccurate, and incomplete and out of data information contained in the products or data.
3.6 This agreement does not exempt the Licensee or any other person from the DEC"s standard procedures for making applications and for obtaining any permits or approvals.
3.7 If for reason of malfunction of electronic equipment and/or need to alter the data and/or the format of the data, the Commission shall not be in any way liable for any loss, damage or injury suffered by the licensee or any other person or corporation consequent upon the non-supply and/or change to the data.
3.8 The Licensee agrees to indemnify DEC and its officers and the employees in respect of the claims for loss, damage or injury suffered by the licensee or any other person or corporation resulting from the use by the Licensee or by that person or corporation of the data or any part thereof or of derived information products produced from the data

4.0 GOVERNING LAW
4.1 This Agreement shall be read and construed according to the Laws of the State of Western Australia and the parties submit to the jurisdiction of that State.
